My cheeks are so red.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey Chica, I'm just gonna put some I gotta
Gwenevere Abriel: Start to oven.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Bethany Shadid: Are
Gwenevere Abriel: You are out of your car. Look at that. Now, are you on what kind of device. Are you on iPad, iPhone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And iPad is like
Gwenevere Abriel: What does that sound like
It's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good, good, good, good, good, good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me get a note open for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get oriented here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stones.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bodies back to feeling okay
Or no
Gwenevere Abriel: Not there.
Bethany Shadid: Probably tell you that currently I am trying really hard to calm down.
Bethany Shadid: I had a really tough week. Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: I'm considering quitting. Yeah, okay, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's go, let's go with that.
Bethany Shadid: And so because. Today is Monday.
Bethany Shadid: The things that I wait to do till Monday when like it's normal business hours and I can get ahold of people
Bethany Shadid: I it's overwhelming.
Bethany Shadid: With the thought of having to go back to work the next day too.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, and so
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, my stress level is probably at a good 7080
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so it's high. Alright, so now what is it that you want to be feeling when we're done working today. What is it that you want to be thinking, what is it that you want to be feeling let's let's get there.
Bethany Shadid: I want to be.
Bethany Shadid: Feeling confidence.
Bethany Shadid: In myself.
Bethany Shadid: So that I can
Gwenevere Abriel: get stuff done.
Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: And stop getting pushed around or letting it you know
Bethany Shadid: Let things. Sure. Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now the predominant thought that you're having is why, which is the one that wipes you out as soon as you even get close to this thought about yourself. What is it,
Bethany Shadid: Thought about myself.
Bethany Shadid: Well, my
Bethany Shadid: The job that I do has come into criticism every day this week.
Bethany Shadid: By
Bethany Shadid: Somebody below me and that person has my manager.
Bethany Shadid: I'm
Bethany Shadid: Jumping every time they think something I have done is wrong. And it's exhausting.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can completely understand that is an uncomfortable work environment that's completely. And do you, do you have any perspective, if you come back even an inch or a foot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that this is a broken system. This system doesn't work. That should not be happening.
Bethany Shadid: Oh,
Bethany Shadid: Hundred percent confidence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and yet.
Bethany Shadid: When
Gwenevere Abriel: It really comes down to it, who's actually being punished.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you getting punished.
Bethany Shadid: You're
Bethany Shadid: Currently, yes. You know how me. We talked about, okay, let's be let's come back to reality. Is this a perceived threat, you know, or no, this is a very real threat now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, tell me, why did you put get put on notice. Is there a written something, something, something. What makes you say that
Bethany Shadid: Well, I had
Bethany Shadid: Called out a day last week for my kidney stone.
Bethany Shadid: Mm hmm. I probably should have called off another day. But, um, you know, I didn't
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: I was okay. I just wasn't 100% and found out that even though I messaged my boss, the day that I called out and said that I would really appreciate it.
Bethany Shadid: If we could postpone the RN meeting that I've been asking to have since November.
November.
Bethany Shadid: Until I got back
Bethany Shadid: I heard no response. And when I got back Wednesday, I got a lovely email. Of all the things they covered in the RM meeting which
Bethany Shadid: I don't know how they can do that with only one are in, but okay.
Bethany Shadid: But that's how things have been done later on, it's, it's very much management is not in my clinic, they're down at the other clinic. They don't see what's going on in mind, but they are managing things from afar. Does that make sense. Like there.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, and
Bethany Shadid: So,
Bethany Shadid: The meeting notes, pretty much Melanie and the MA Vanessa decided a whole bunch of things. And my friend Stacy that I worked with happened to be there because there was
Bethany Shadid: She was in the meeting right afterwards and her my the supervisors, say, okay, well, looks good. I'll write down everything if Bethany has any questions, she can just ask me about it.
Bethany Shadid: So there was really no
Bethany Shadid: No. No. Nobody needed and or wanted my input on anything, even though it's been something I've really wanted for a long time and I really bottle things up to bring into that forum.
Bethany Shadid: So,
After that,
Bethany Shadid: Um,
Bethany Shadid: My manager told me the next day.
Bethany Shadid: That
Bethany Shadid: We're getting this cardiac group.
Bethany Shadid: In addition, and that my job role is really going to change.
Bethany Shadid: Their he will need me to transition in there and I'm going to start working there every Thursday.
Bethany Shadid: And put doesn't give me a defined, you know, like he's very bad about
Bethany Shadid: jumping the gun and
Bethany Shadid: Trying to switch things up. But then he doesn't make it clear what your job rollers and I'm tired of the back and forth.
Bethany Shadid: Um,
Bethany Shadid: And so basically after that the medical assistant. Oh, and then I found out
Bethany Shadid: Or was was told.
Bethany Shadid: That my medical assistant was being taken away.
Bethany Shadid: And she was going to work with the doctor because they had a hole to fill
Bethany Shadid: So now I don't have no okay and the other me that works with Melanie was going to be taking over this little part of
Bethany Shadid: Stuff, which this happened before. And she had a meltdown and I had to take it over again so
Bethany Shadid: All of that to say that ever since that happened she has been
Bethany Shadid: Trying. So basically, how do I even say this, she by taking this over, she can dictate my schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Meaning that
Bethany Shadid: She can schedule appointments for me.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: So I was just getting a barrage of
Bethany Shadid: Questions and schedule changes. And then finally, the, the worst part was on Friday.
Bethany Shadid: I was dealing with a very critical situation and I get a call from my manager out. Uh huh. I answered the phone. I'm like, hello. He's like,
Bethany Shadid: What's going on. He's like, I'm
Bethany Shadid: Your Vanessa. Can't get ahold of you.
Bethany Shadid: And I was like, What are you talking about, I've been communicating with her all morning.
Bethany Shadid: He said, Well, she she just called me and told me that she hasn't been able to get ahold of you. She has an urgent situation, you need to be available. You need to make yourself available. This is a requirements, blah, blah, blah. I got chewed out by him basically saying that
Bethany Shadid: It's a recurrent theme that I'm the one that's not communicating
Bethany Shadid: Even though I've been communicating with this person, all morning by our instant message and work just so happened that I had to deal with a critical situation. And so he sent me a message saying that she had an urgent situation I needed to call for
Bethany Shadid: Probably a little over an hour elapsed before I get this call from my manager telling me that I need to respond quicker. And it turns out that it wasn't an urgent situation, but I had to sit on the phone with this girl and
Bethany Shadid: And and deal with what she wanted and or needed in that moment, you know, take and we had a staff meeting later that evening.
Bethany Shadid: And there was a
Bethany Shadid: Woman there from human resources.
Bethany Shadid: She, she was going over some survey that was done before. I was there and talking about things that human resources could do to help with this that me other. And so I thought, okay, well, maybe this is good. Maybe me know she can help.
Bethany Shadid: And then my manager took over the rest of the staff meeting and
Bethany Shadid: blindsided me with a lot of information and changes that are happening that I was not aware of it all. So it's very clear to me that I'm very absolute
Bethany Shadid: And I can't, I feel honestly truly is. If this is what he wants me to focus on if he's going to call me because I have to be available in a couple every second, as in the words of this medical assistant. I need you to get, I need you to respond to me or the standard is under an hour.
Bethany Shadid: And I'm supposed to be.
Bethany Shadid: Helping start this new unit or whatever my job roles not defined. I was really stressed out all week and I'm trying my best to
Bethany Shadid: You know, get back into a good headspace and
Bethany Shadid: Um, but the hard thing was is I had three employees, tell me.
Bethany Shadid: You know that if it
Bethany Shadid: That they're considering leaving to because of this or that. If I go, they are going to go. And so it was a lot of extra weight pressure. And when I I asked my manager to talk
Bethany Shadid: About the issues. He said, Well, what's going on. I said, Well, to be honest, I was really offended that even though I asked to have this meeting since November, that it wasn't postponed, and it went ahead without me. And he was like, well, that's only because you were out
Bethany Shadid: What is Steven mean you know so I said, but there's there's really important things that I needed to bring up in that meeting. And I've been waiting and asking for for a long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what do you say to that.
Bethany Shadid: He said, Okay, well, do me a favor and shoot me an email.
Bethany Shadid: Just me some bullet points of what you needed to talk about. Okay, so I was like okay
Bethany Shadid: I never got there. Okay.
Bethany Shadid: Every day I would be like, Okay, I'm gonna, I'm going to send an email to them and send them an email, you know, granted, I only worked three days last week. But in that short amount of time a lot was happening and
Bethany Shadid: I wasn't the only one so stressed out.
Bethany Shadid: I had one coworker told me that she was having chest pain because of it all and
Bethany Shadid: That's how I feel, too, like that. That keeps that tension that hurt re just pounding um
Bethany Shadid: You know i i got
Bethany Shadid: Very much was able to say to myself, You know what, this isn't worth it.
Bethany Shadid: That's right. This is not worth it.
Bethany Shadid: And started considering alternatives plans.
Bethany Shadid: My friend said, Boy, you should take that you should ask to just get moved over to the cardiac area, but I said
Bethany Shadid: He's still the manager. So what
Bethany Shadid: You know, I don't want to just because really what it is, is it's almost like he's transitioning me over to this other area.
Bethany Shadid: So he can fill a slot and not have to deal with the other stuff going on between me and Melanie and this Ma, you just gonna remove me and stick me over here. Yeah, so not have to deal with it.
Bethany Shadid: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the one. What do you want
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want
Bethany Shadid: To be
Bethany Shadid: Treated as an equal respected is equal have my my clinical expertise, respected, and if that can't happen. I'm gone.
Bethany Shadid: Okay, I really like it's devastating because I put so much into this but it's making me sick.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, it really is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can see that and
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Bethany Shadid: So the
First
Bethany Shadid: Go ahead. I know the church. It was great. I needed it. Yeah, I did things that I was supposed to do. I looked up yoga, stuff like that. But it's Monday, and I think that's why I'm in this
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I gotcha.
Bethany Shadid: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's it's both. And what I'm seeing is this tenacious.
Gwenevere Abriel: In its simplest terms, and we've been here before. But you're only going to know this line when when you've lived it.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you respect it yourself, Bethany, you'd walk in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And be unpoliced
Gwenevere Abriel: You aren't there yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not there. This I
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope you know how much I care about you hope you feel it deeply
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's with just the most generous of spirit and heart that I say my worst fear is
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to go find the same setting again because you're there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't see
Gwenevere Abriel: That you give away your power so fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: There is an alternative
Gwenevere Abriel: Universe.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is not sensitive
Gwenevere Abriel: To these people's opinions. It is back to back, one after another. Oh my gosh, you guys didn't right it's oh my gosh, you guys had this meeting, but I had so much I had so much. I wanted to share it. I thought this was my gig, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so how do I get this. How do I do this then. When's the next one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I bet you have a chain reaction of emotional intensity that waves through you. That makes none of that possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: How they do this and you were offended.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out here. Right. And that's what's the privilege of being the therapist is we can see all this stuff. We're not feeling it so it's easier for us to see it to me, get you out of this intense house. You go into this job.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're like, Oh my gosh, you're going to be great for this job, you have all these skills. This is going to be a we need You so badly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I can see that out here and you are exactly that. You're amazing. And in fact, they want to rush you in. They want to get you in as quickly as they can.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what exists there that you couldn't see in the interview is a toxic work environment is a lot of dysfunction people spend 810 hours a day at work all their crap. All that baggage from families, not unlike yours are getting played out at work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fact,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a fact.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: This nonsense existed before you
Gwenevere Abriel: He has it will carry on in his Kookiness watch when you leave you are long gone, it will continue to be cookie.
Bethany Shadid: You didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Cause it had nothing to do with you now. How come I can say that, but you are hurting so badly is nothing to do with you.
Bethany Shadid: Well, I think I've gotten a lot better at detaching myself, my friend actually asked me straight up. Yeah, she said about this alternative position right the cardiac position. She's like, I think you should do it. She's like, ask yourself in all yeah what's holding you back.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, she's like, I want to know. She goes, because this isn't good for you. It's not good for your health. You're not going to change anybody
Bethany Shadid: You know you wouldn't deal with these people that make your life miserable and Dutta Dutta duh.
Bethany Shadid: And other than having the same manager, what I what I it ultimately came down to is
Bethany Shadid: Feeling like I'm
Bethany Shadid: Walking away from something I've invested everything into because I like you said, I put all this into it, even if I've gotten better at not caring if Melanie doesn't like me for so and so doesn't like me. I still
Bethany Shadid: It's, it's
Bethany Shadid: I'm trying to think of the right
Bethany Shadid: Because it it's not been able to completely detach know right that's very obvious. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I suspect it's the same mechanism of wanting the acknowledgement for that energy put in. Now you may not like that. Right, but
Gwenevere Abriel: To see change to see that see your value outside of yourself. But the real gift. The real gift of detachment is you can invest in love deeply all of that puts your heart and soul into something, then you just lift your hands and you're like a
Gwenevere Abriel: Leader just lift your hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not your job to change them truly it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: This is about you going and enjoying who you are recognizing sooner and earlier. Look at me playing out this same storyline. I'm doing it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm taking on other people's negative opinion of me as fact. And it's waking me out. It's doing it again, again, again,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's happening again.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're already on it. Yeah, you're already about to quit anyway.
Bethany Shadid: Well, knowing this about myself.
Bethany Shadid: I met like you know that place where
Bethany Shadid: I like quitting has become an option right because I don't
Bethany Shadid: Have you say
Bethany Shadid: It was like, I take a stand, almost and
Bethany Shadid: And so
Bethany Shadid: Steam almost feels like
Bethany Shadid: Not
Bethany Shadid: Being there for myself. But I also know another job isn't just going to be perfect. I'm going to deal with the same things. Again, I haven't completely given up on the idea that this I could find it.
Bethany Shadid: Be okay you know, finding an okay place here but
Gwenevere Abriel: Take like I know but take the analogy of over here, this hand right you see this hand wanting so badly for your mother to finally see you to get you that see all your sacrifice. Just be acknowledged and validated.
Gwenevere Abriel: It looks out here right as an external witness the same as the workplace. And what did you need to do you need to leave you needed to leave on
Gwenevere Abriel: She will never see you. This is a psychological phenomenon. She has emerged of, you know, object. She cannot differentiate you from her period where she doesn't know how to manage her own emotions. She cannot see the distinction between you two. That's not going anywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had to leave people do have to leave.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are not weak. You did not fail.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did not fail.
Gwenevere Abriel: If what you did is you decided I'm worth not getting kidney stones.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and proving to the world that I can tolerate this level of misery that that I'm this is what toughness looks like or I need to make my stand here, right. This could be the one where you you speak your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do that, but I've we've been trying that approach we've been doing that one. How about you, you, you. Be present you be assertive, you've been doing that and it's it's
Gwenevere Abriel: You aren't doing it. You're a little bit. You told me
Gwenevere Abriel: If you would, did it my right, this sort of pure and clean way where you said, the alternative is they can me or I walked off the job of broccoli. I've already come to that. But, and no uncertain terms, am I going to compromise any minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of my time here and it will every single second be about. Well, that might be true for you. But that's not my truth. So let's get back on topic if you had that chutzpah that confidence inside. Okay. You could tolerate that environment, but you're not there, it's hurting you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't mean you're not gonna, you're not going to get get get get get an environment. What do you know about rest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Test for healing to happen. Am I right, don't we do all our healing when we're resting over sleeping. You need it, you move out of this intense after intense, then you're in this marriage. This attic, now you're back at the house, your fire fire fire. Now you're in a job with the fire.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's wrong with rust and the truth. You do know you're still going to have the friction of having to face the discomfort of validating yourself, you're still going to be faced with. If you still working without let's say
Gwenevere Abriel: You're still going to feel it, but it'll be less frequent it'll it won't be this bombardment.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get a chance to put a little bit slower than get some success under your belt. You've already seen it.
Bethany Shadid: I yeah I'm glad you
Bethany Shadid: How should I say I'm with you on that. I don't. I know I
Bethany Shadid: It's all you know all or nothing for me. Sometimes in my head. Yeah, but
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I mean I think it's what feels right. You know, I mean, my last day of work. I couldn't even sleep.
Bethany Shadid: Oh, to go to bed to come to work because it was so, like, you know, we've been talking about distress, like, yeah, that's fear or that fight or flight like laying in bed and not being able to sleep because of the, you know, sound of your heart just perfectly
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't we do today a little differently. Why don't we have, let's do a different exercise we think
Gwenevere Abriel: We think coming at this with the Socratic
Gwenevere Abriel: We've been coming at it with Kanya behavioral we've been coming at it by, you know, increasing the the body awareness and you've done so many things that have gotten you ready for this other work.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit of other work.
Bethany Shadid: Okay. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Intellectually, you already have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You already got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now you have this additional hot, you know, knowing your body when it gets hot. Something's happening. That's
Bethany Shadid: Very cool. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do this. Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get the setup. Right. And it may not happen today because I really still need to take care of you. Make sure we do the the preparation part. Okay, right now I want you to picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: These three figures. The first figure is real or imagined.
Bethany Shadid: Your protective figure
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know who comes up, what comes up again. This can be real or imagined when you picture and later on we're going to be using using this into the work we're going to do what comes up for a protective figure
Bethany Shadid: It's
Some
Bethany Shadid: A few friends came to mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have their names.
Bethany Shadid: Monique Monique, Katie. Katie
Bethany Shadid: They're very
Bethany Shadid: Tough people
Ah,
Bethany Shadid: They always
Gwenevere Abriel: Tough friends Monique and Katie who look out for me.
That's beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Just be present with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that's real. These are real people. Okay, that have your best interests in mind that register.
Gwenevere Abriel: Threat danger and put forward the sense of safety. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything else to this protective figure that comes to mind or
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
What
Bethany Shadid: They both have a good sense of humor.
Bethany Shadid: We're very thankful
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: You know, like how we do reality.
Bethany Shadid: They never do it.
Bethany Shadid: Right, you want to hear.
Bethany Shadid: It, you know, they're, they
Bethany Shadid: They, they would be, they would, they would get me to a place where we could laugh about stuff, you know, it was like
Bethany Shadid: This person did this really awful thing, you know, but by the end, we were like,
Bethany Shadid: An over it.
Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we've got this protective figure tough friends Monique and Katie who look out for you and have a good sense of humor that can give you a reality check and get you to a place where you can laugh.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a real strong imagery there at the sound you can kind of picture them sense of humor. Now move to another fear. We're going to do three. The other one is a nurturing figure real or imagined what comes up.
Bethany Shadid: The first thing that came up is
Bethany Shadid: For this woman named Becky Wilson. Okay, I think I've told you about for before but she's like a second mom.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, she's friends with my mom. I grew up with her and her boys, but
Bethany Shadid: I call her my second molar
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it. Second, Mama, and anything
Gwenevere Abriel: To nurturing figure
Bethany Shadid: She's just so
Bethany Shadid: Sweet and thoughtful about what's going on and
Bethany Shadid: I I've been able to connect with her on a spiritual level that I don't, I'm not able to with a lot of people
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: I had a dream about her. When I was little, that she was an angel.
Bethany Shadid: And when I woke up I was convinced that she really was an angel.
Bethany Shadid: And for the longest time
Bethany Shadid: I thought
Bethany Shadid: I had to keep it secret or she would go away.
Bethany Shadid: So I, I always had this like imagery of her being Joel
Bethany Shadid: And then one way that grew up. I told her about it. So yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Becky Wilson as a second mama sort of this spiritual connection and really the imagery of of seeing her as an angel. That's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about a wise figure
real or imagined.
Bethany Shadid: I would say it's
Bethany Shadid: So let's do it. Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: God, that's beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do a little work with this and you're
Gwenevere Abriel: I CAD. So I'm thinking we should be able to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm going to, I'm going to share my screen with you and it's going to be slow and try to get kind of close enough that your eyes.
Bethany Shadid: Can move. Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah. Oh.
Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get a little bit closer into this imagery. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's have a little bit more experienced at it, make sure it's right in front of you so that you're getting left and right movement. It's right in front of me. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So what I want you to do is is bring up that imagery and really get a feel for the presence of the wisdom of God and Becky Wilson is this angel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a sense of your two friends protecting
Gwenevere Abriel: And have them interact with each other as a team, trying to get as much visualization with your eyes closed, if you can, and then later I'll have you open and really see them interacting connecting
Gwenevere Abriel: This project protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurture ends.
Gwenevere Abriel: And wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a team.
Gwenevere Abriel: All in service as a resource to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Happened to be lived reality. So they're not fictitious. These are real. These are things that you actually know have kicked around to be true.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let it be present all the quality
Gwenevere Abriel: Of safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing that wants your growth and development.
Gwenevere Abriel: And wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you get that very clear in your mind open your eyes. And I'm going to start this stimulation here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold it in your imagination and your presence really see your present with them and body surrounded
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it move through that core
Gwenevere Abriel: Body of yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it saturate
Gwenevere Abriel: Each other. Let's breathe in Nice, inhale into that belly and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just, it seemed like this presence is more solidified more accessible.
Bethany Shadid: It's getting there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring them up again.
Bethany Shadid: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you need to do to make them even more present
Bethany Shadid: I think I had to. I had to figure out logistics, but I did now.
Bethany Shadid: So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This team. You can label it if you want to have something comes up, Becky, your two friends and God
Gwenevere Abriel: Truly integrating the logistics that you just created having them.
Gwenevere Abriel: A team available.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's breathe then nice inhale into the belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of body know that you're safe and have a nice healthy exhale breathing out the mouth and
Gwenevere Abriel: Just letting it go
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to talk a little bit for just a brief moment and then we're going to go back
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to pull up this this fret, whether it's the past or maybe it's a current trigger or maybe it's a worry about the future. We can work in any of those three areas. She did pull one up. That's distressing at about maybe maybe 60 or 70 be something that is upsetting, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Not so activating that you can't think straight
Gwenevere Abriel: And let me know what you got it in your mind's eye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be what we're talking about. It might be on that topic. You'd be talking with someone, or making a decision. I don't know what came up
Bethany Shadid: somebody's asking me to put my god into Word.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there we go. Hold on to that and what distress level is that as you think about that.
Bethany Shadid: It's a 60 to 70 depending on what it is. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the emotion attached to this image.
Bethany Shadid: Frustration, because
Bethany Shadid: Of the dyslexia. It's basically like asking
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to plan it
Gwenevere Abriel: You just, yeah, that's your truth. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And because of this dyslexia you attribute. Right. It's this frustration and you can picture somebody asking you, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is this al asking you to put it in writing or is it a future request.
Bethany Shadid: Currently it's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold that in this is this is going to these by laterals will be a little
Gwenevere Abriel: While I haven't decided yet. So here we go. We've got this this image pull up that WORST piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: The worst image of that event.
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowing this emotion is frustrating.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to tell me what do you believe about yourself as you think these things and
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the belief about you.
Bethany Shadid: That I'm completely capable
Bethany Shadid: Of making or or speaking my truth.
Bethany Shadid: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the negative thought about you.
Well,
Bethany Shadid: Actually, I think what I just realized is it's like
Bethany Shadid: I
Bethany Shadid: You know, how is telling you the 100 is is making me physically have to like be somewhere.
Bethany Shadid: How do I work I'm
Bethany Shadid: Like physically being forced. That was the first thing that I thought of when I imagined. Our shutting me down telling me to jot some bullet points down of my concerns was
Shut down
Bethany Shadid: Was no it was like
Bethany Shadid: When I said frustration that idea of limiting
Bethany Shadid: Or forcing the conversation to be done in the way that he prefers. Yeah. Does that make sense so
All that
Bethany Shadid: Way. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Being forced
Gwenevere Abriel: To change what you feel capable of doing into something something else from a verbal
Gwenevere Abriel: You know explanation into right into writing put in any all put it in bullet points.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your belief about yourself. What do you believe about you.
Bethany Shadid: That I can communicate my means.
Bethany Shadid: I just need. I need time. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How true is that this is a different scale from one to seven. How true is it absolutely true at the seven I can communicate my needs.
Gwenevere Abriel: And one is no not really.
Five.
Okay.
Bethany Shadid: Pregnant in the middle.
Bethany Shadid: I know that my emotions get in the way. Sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: All different so just just that Quick quick quick share
Gwenevere Abriel: Have once you to pull up
Gwenevere Abriel: To pull up that worst image in your mind where the desensitization part of the MTR comes in. Okay.
She did pull up
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst part of that event.
Bethany Shadid: So the one that we're just talking about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which one you were you just had, which is, I'm assuming it's the put into a bullet points.
Bethany Shadid: Right. Right. Okay.
Bethany Shadid: God in your work.
Working memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I just want to check
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have any negative thought about yourself when you hold that image in your mind.
Bethany Shadid: The only thing I can think is being
Bethany Shadid: upset that I let him get away with that.
Bethany Shadid: That I didn't
Bethany Shadid: speak my truth in that moment and and and explain that. That's not the method I prefer to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there it is. Now what do you, what do you believe about yourself that you did not
Gwenevere Abriel: Speak up.
Bethany Shadid: But I'm not assertive.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how true is that from this one's different from one to 10 How true is that I'm not assertive.
Bethany Shadid: Pro bring me
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're going to do that one first. So, this this cycle is going to be a little faster.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to pull up the worst image of that event, you're going to hold the thought in your head. I'm not assertive. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Need to slow this down. I mean, I actually need to speed it up, make sure I'm going the right direction, you should do it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You hold the image worst part of that event might want to include that body, you may have missed that, too. As soon as you realize you did it. Okay, I'm not a sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a little faster.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and I'm not sharing. I'm sitting here, staring at myself.
Bethany Shadid: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm like, where's her face though it's not she being shared. That doesn't help anybody
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold it in your mind's eye, this is how it gets worked as a habit and working memory got that image.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got this negative cognition. I'm not assertive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's breathe again. Nice. Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Just let it out. Let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what are you noticing about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What thoughts or beliefs are coming
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can be any observation.
I
Bethany Shadid: I noticed, the more I thought about it, and held it in my mind.
Bethany Shadid: Like I was more aware of how unassertive I was
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and what what emotions coming up.
Bethany Shadid: Kind of discussed
Bethany Shadid: Like or like
Bethany Shadid: You know the feeling. Oh, you're pathetic.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so the thought, I'm pathetic. Okay, we're gonna we're going to go without this is desensitisation okay
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, the worst part of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the negative thought
Gwenevere Abriel: nice deep breath. Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you finding in your body.
Bethany Shadid: Feel good
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the thought what's coming up.
Bethany Shadid: Um, I think, an awareness of
Bethany Shadid: How my need to
Bethany Shadid: To please others or to be liked.
Bethany Shadid: gets in my way of being assertive.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to go with that pull up that image worst part of that picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Awareness of my need to please gets in the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of assertive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pretend nice nourishing inhale into that belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, letting it go
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you find
Bethany Shadid: What came up was that
Bethany Shadid: I'm I'm wanting to please can be liked, but
Bethany Shadid: It's, it's impossible.
Bethany Shadid: It's, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up that image, pull it up, bring it up Yaki that negative piece worst part of that memory fragment. This is impossible.
Gwenevere Abriel: In a nice inhale feel to come into your nose and your lungs and down into the bottom
Gwenevere Abriel: Of that long. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's landing true for you.
Bethany Shadid: Thinking about it.
Bethany Shadid: We know it's impossible to do that, even though I tried to, I was thinking of all the different
Bethany Shadid: Ways, or all all the things I was taking on
Bethany Shadid: You know and and how it really isn't feasible.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do one more piece I'm going to slow this down a little bit. And while I'm said resetting this, I want you to be thinking about your team and immerse yourself in whatever comfortable perfect way, you can
Bethany Shadid: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've their presence very much in your mind this team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is present with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All that is the quality of protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurture ence wisdom and hold those figures in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: integrate them logistically
Gwenevere Abriel: With you near you, embodied in you. However, you need to so that that quality is very present
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to pull up that WORST piece of being told.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like she put that into some bullet points.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring them together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then exhale, letting it go
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing.
Bethany Shadid: New ideas.
Bethany Shadid: Or options. Yeah, me comfort like
Bethany Shadid: When you get when I get so anxious and stressed.
Bethany Shadid: ideas for how to deal with it are pretty small or
Gwenevere Abriel: Limited. Uh huh.
Bethany Shadid: And visualizing
Bethany Shadid: My, my people.
Gwenevere Abriel: People with
Me.
Bethany Shadid: It was like the protection
Bethany Shadid: But the wisdom.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, it
Bethany Shadid: Didn't seem so
Bethany Shadid: Limited
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your stress level right now. What's your suds
Bethany Shadid: Or lower
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's we'll do
Gwenevere Abriel: We can do one more.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we'll bring them up close. Okay, so really get into get into that imagery. I have new options I have more comfort.
Okay situations.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have options I have comfort with your people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, pull up that negative piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Much you've got it. Let's take a look at this dot here.
Gwenevere Abriel: inhale through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's the body, how's the mind. How we doing
Bethany Shadid: Doing good.
Bethany Shadid: I think I solidified the imagery, a little bit more
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about the body. What's happening for you right now.
Bethany Shadid: Oh, it's a million times better.
Bethany Shadid: Just muscles not being tight heart rate being slow, slow down. I'm not hot.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wherever you decide to go in your mind, between now and tomorrow or whatever you want to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just have that those people near you have them with you when you're deciding know is, is this a thought. You want to go it alone, or do you want to have these guys with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: really strongly encourage you to have them with you as you making these decisions, do I really want to spend this time questioning whether I leave this job, stay. Do I want to question what I did. That's where you want to put your energy, you're going to do it anyway, which you do anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then bring them your
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't do it alone, bring them with you have them be present, because in this relaxed body.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know your your brains going to work a lot better, faster, stronger.
There, there were
Gwenevere Abriel: Options when your sympathetic nervous system is activated.
Bethany Shadid: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Bethany Shadid: True. Yeah, I don't even think about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Science right there.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, anyway, I'm, I'm talking to somebody in insurance about my
Bethany Shadid: Billing and stuff, because I know I haven't been able to come as much. It's getting really expensive. So hopefully I'll be able to sort that out soon.
Bethany Shadid: But I'm planning on coming to group in the morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, great. This topic is a good one.
Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything charged that you need to put either in a container or maybe send on a distancing metaphor, whether it's kind of putting it on a little leaf as it's moving down the river and you're on the side, bang.
Gwenevere Abriel: With
Bethany Shadid: A gun met before that imagery with another therapist before I'm not that I can think of. Well, my like should I quit my job or not or
Bethany Shadid: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about this, Bethany, and then I'll bring it to a close. If you went ahead.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe leave that here as we as we end our session and and say, well, if I went ahead and the decision of whether to or not to what trips and on down.
Gwenevere Abriel: And instead, what you're left with is the confidence that might come the peace the comfort when you're with your people. Maybe you don't have to make a decision right now maybe being there tomorrow will just feel different. Maybe there's no decision decision.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it'll be made.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that will be the choice, but maybe not. Maybe you'll experience tomorrow differently with your people present
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I never thought about
Bethany Shadid: But it's true.
Maybe you don't need one.
Bethany Shadid: Cuz that you do my job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, good put you can put it in the jar or send it down the river, put it in a car train on train tracks and have it. Get some distance
Gwenevere Abriel: Is everything you need to meet whatever happens made all today is just be present with your people, whenever your to do lists. Just go to your to do list, but make sure you include these guys with you. Make sure they're there with you.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, so
Bethany Shadid: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to schedule. Do you want me to wait to hear from you. What do you want to do.
Bethany Shadid: Um, we can schedule for next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and I, we think
Bethany Shadid: Is there a
Bethany Shadid: 12 or is it
Gwenevere Abriel: 12 open
Bethany Shadid: Okay, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta grab this real quick hello
Gwenevere Abriel: We are. Oh, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, come on back in
Bethany Shadid: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Bethany Shadid: Be good to see in the morning.